The Joe Rogan experience.
Uh, this is the third time on your show, by the way I am so honor.
Oh, please. I'm honored to nothing but massive amounts of respect for you.
I really want it to be your, your, um, Regis Philbin. You're Tony Randall.
I am local. My brother, whenever someone canceled,
I figured Cosby couldn't make it. Joe was like, Hey man, can you come on Monday?
Can you come on Monday to the show? Like, Cosby.
Could you imagine if I had Cosby on, oh.
Nah, I don't think you could as a man.
I don't think we could actually be around a guy like that. I have daughters.
It would be, of course I have two stepdaughters and my own daughter was.
It was a crazy thing to see the news that he was getting out. I was like,
wow, that's wild. And then how many people were defending it?
It was, it was interesting. They disingenuously defend the,
they wrote this article, you know, they do clickbait, um, about, uh,
Geraldo Rivera defending it. And he wasn't defending, defending the legal.
Process.
He wasn't defending him at all, but he was, he w th the way,
see if he can find a headline for the very disingenuous,
the way they labeled it.
Cause Geraldo Rivera was essentially saying they tried his
character versus trying his acts.
The problem is he had made a deal with the prosecutor to, um,
PR under immunity, under immunity. He testified in a civil.
Case. And then they played that grand jury.
Prosecuted him. Yeah. And I don't know, what did he say in the civil case?
It was something to the effect of yeah, yeah, yeah. I drugged him.
He apologized.
I'm trying to find out them, but you know,
what what's interesting is the response. So this is a, and I,
I believe 100% in the law and there's obvious people who are at fault here who
made these deals and use this, this information incorrectly,
but the law is the law, but the response,
the public outcry or lack of it will be very different. I predict. And,
um, I don't want to equate these things,
but I think the damage he's done to women is pretty severe.
Derek Shovan may get off on a technicality somewhere down the road. Y I,
you know, there's still the Maxine waters thing.
Let's just say it happened waters thing. She was,
she was tampering with a possible jury pool by talking about,
by traveling to the state, by, uh, talking about it publicly. Th this is,
this is an old story, but regardless it's possible,
that can happen to Cosby. A couple of years,
Derek Shovan could get off on a eat,
forget why he could get off on a technicality.
What the do we know that's going to make people crazy.
So, you know, is it, is it equal? I mean, what Cosby did?
I mean, that's, I mean, where's the outrage. I think this is,
I think it's, even though technically the law is correct, you know,
the people who it up need to be held to account.
I think people coming to grips with it right now where they're like, holy,
is this real? Is he out? Yeah.
So I think the dust is not even remotely settled.
And the thing that Geraldo is saying is that this could possibly apply to Harvey
Weinstein as well. Oh, well, there you go.
And this is what he was saying that they tried to Harvey Weinstein based on his
character versus based on the actual legal
facts. I don't know if that's true though. I don't know if that's true,
but Harvey, Weinstein's still,
there's still other cases out there that have the law is a crazy thing. And Joe,
I mean the way it's all about interpretation, it's how a judge interprets it,
or, you know, a Supreme court. I mean, it's, again,
we all look at the same movie, but we might be the same screen.
You might be seeing a different.
Catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free. Only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan expenses.